Who is Tang Jian?
Stand up for me
No no this is a public area
No no you keep your voice down
Otherwise, it will affect their work.
You are Tang Jian
I don't have a rest area there, I can't tell you
Get out of here!
Who is Aunt Tang Jian?
Don't be angry
Go over there and have a drink of water
I'm Tang Jian's assistant
Just tell me if you have anything.
You find Tang Jian for me
Small inspection, he clearly came to make trouble, don't let him see him, after all, it is the family of the parties involved
We still have to meet
Without the consent of the parties involved
The family members of the parties are not allowed to seek the parties' lawyers without authorization
Hey, I said you
Tang Lu doesn't want an assistant
Beg the family and protect him
You are Tang Jian's assistant
Logically speaking, you should maintain Tang Jian
Don't you look weirder? It's not me, it's you.
What are you two arguing about here?
And you, Xiao Zhang
I can't handle you anymore, can I?
Why don't you go to the hospital?
What are you doing here?
I was going to go
You are Tang Jian
Yes you are what I am looking for is you